>> Jerome Hardaway: So we're gonna move on
to the crafting of your profile README and
your profile in general.
So, we're gonna select
a professional profile picture.
Who all has a name on their GitHub
that doesn't make any sense?
And then, is your name, are you at
Jerome Hardaway like I am, is it plain?
Or are you like at Apex Fire or
at Superhero 72 or some crap like that?
Please, we're gonna start there.
If you have time today, make a repo, make
a GitHub that has like your plane name or
change your name so
that people can actually recognize you.
If you're gonna be using this for getting
jobs, you gotta be, you wouldn't use
email like giants fan 72 or something like
that for on your resume, don't do that.
If you are gonna do that, don't do that,
treat the email rule and
the GitHub rule is the same.
Post compelling bio,
If you saw my last chorus,
we were very much about how to
do the process of making sure
that you had a elevator pitch or
a brand document of yourself, right?
So we're gonna go a little bit into that,
but
we're not gonna touch that as much
because that was on the last course.
You should definitely know by now,
if you're a fan of me,
you know that I'm very much
about brand document, and
knowing how to sell and
market yourself having your Bragg docs.
And having a database of
everything you need to
be able to quickly go where you are.
I still have the brand notion,
the brand doc database,
example that if you need it, I'll
definitely throw it out there for you,
but you should definitely always,
this is your career, you have to start.
One of the things that I talk about in
my courses and my work is you have to,
especially in this current climate.
You have to start being
counter-offensive and
even on the offense when you're in
this in this type of market, right?
You can't be the era of just being,
just chill and
whatever happens in your career
is not happening in your career.
It's over, it's dead, you gotta plan it,
you gotta be offensive,
you gotta be counteroffensive.
You gotta be thinking one or three moves
ahead, you gotta be thinking not like
an employee, but like an employee partner
with the company that you're with.
You're an employee and you're a partner,
and you know that your relationship with
this partner, why you might love these
people is essentially value-based.
And you have to keep that at at top
of mind all the time that this is
a value-based relationship, right?
And you have to treat it as such, and you
have to continue to build your own value,
invest in your own value,
invest in yourself.
Use company resources,
they are offer that to invest in yourself,
but you have to keep that process going,
right?
So that is what I hopefully, we're on V3.
If you have seen V1, V2, I am very big and
you have to be counter offensive
with this type of work, right?
Here are my rules for your bio pick people
are like, do I have to have a picture?
Yes, you need a picture of you,
please, no weird stuff.
I know everybody loves,
everybody wants to have fun on GitHub and
you could do that 10 years ago, right?
You could have a picture of Sonic
as your GitHub profile, [LAUGH],
and people would still hire you.
You can't do that anymore,
tech has grown up, I'm sorry.
The days of, Mark Zuckerberg
running around calling himself,
I'm CEO on his business cards.
You see him,
he's dripped out with a chain trying to
get Gen Z to come back to Facebook, right?
It's a different world, we have to be,
we have to adapt with it.
If Zuc can get drip,
you can put your professional bio,
like your professional photo,
on your GitHub, right?
That's how we're gonna look at it.
Zuckerberg, level up his dressing game,
we have to level up our profile game.
So, with your professional pitcher,
do choose a our professional photo
suits tech industry, nice shirt,
solid color, maybe if you have
a brand like me, I break the rule.
I still know regular shirt and stuff, but
I have the whole
Captain America of code thing.
So people recognize me for that.
So I can break the mode, I can have,
me with a shield and a profile ticket etc,
which is still at almost 40,
is wild, I migh retire to shield.
I'm lying, don't worry about it.
But yeah, nice image.
You can have it, like, in COVID, we were
experimenting with a lot of having it
drawn avatars,
having professionals like David Neil.
He's a great person for it, right?
He would make people's avatars and
he would draw them and it was professional
grade and people would use that Esther
profile pic and people loved it.
And I have on my GitHub page,
I use a from Covatar
where they make donations to nonprofits.
If you, and they'll draw your avatar.
I use one of them as my profile pic for
like a year and it worked.
Still amazing bio, but
that's what I want you to do, so
pick a decent image by our own tips.
We're gonna learn how to craft by
others not only informative but
engaging we go off that basis,
upon our resume, as well.
It's really good to do that for,
have a uniform, a format of everything you
want the same information,
the same keywords everywhere, right?
And contact information safety, right?
A lot of people, they put a lot of their
information out here and you're wondering
why you get all these weird spam emails,
like, okay, well, this is why, right?
So, that's what we're gonna focus on.
Here is my profile, I used to
have a lot of fancy things on it,
but I have cleaned it up to for
this current market, right?
So, as you see, I have,
nice black and white,
I am smiling cuz all the other pictures
I'm scowling and I know I scout so much so
I'll take your picture
of me [LAUGH] smiling.
So I do that, I have my name, as I said,
Jerome Hardaway, nice and plain.
It also goes well with my URL, right?
I have a nice clean URL image,
URL and image goes with me.
I have how would I like to do I
like to focus on for me code.
I focus on initiatives to help veterans
while learning how I can encode, right?
And I just go through
everything in your profile.
Now, I have my old location,
time it is that location,
my email right here,
some people mask their email.
This is the only email I share
on here just for resumes and
stuff cuz that's only when it goes there.
My website and my LinkedIn,
you go to edit profile,
you can edit all of these right here.
Directly you don't have
to go anywhere else.
And you can also add more links
to a social profile right here.
I only really use LinkedIn
because I focus on work.
So, Linkedin is where work happens.
So that for me,
my two big booze is LinkedIn, GitHub.
I talked a little bit on Twitter, but
I prefer LinkedIn and GitHub because
how I just find the crowds nicer and
it's more focused on the things I enjoy
talking about, which is the craft at work.